A disable young lady manages to crawl all
the way out of a junkyard.
Just then, she finds a skateboard nearby.
While the crows are gathering around an arid
desert, the girl attempts to move along on
a skateboard.
Her fate is now unsure.
Would she make it to survive?
Follow us to a movie titled: The Bad Batch.
Be aware: there are spoilers!
In the post-apocalyptic world, Arlen is tossed
to a wasteland beyond the US border.
It’s a desert with little shelter from the
sun.
She is provided a bag, a basketball hat, a
burger, and a can of water as the last favor
from the government.
She has to reach the Comfort, a town where
she can seek refuge.
On the way, she finds an abandoned car and
decides to get in for a rest.
Realizing strange people approach, she runs
as fast as she can.
Unfortunately, a strong man hunts her down
just after.
Waking up from the blackout, Arlen finds herself
being chained.
A woman appears and injects her with some
desensitizer.
Just then, she cuts Arlen’s arm and leg
with a hand saw.
Arlen cries out in pain and passes out again.
It turns out Arlen is captured by a cannibal
tribe called the Bridge.
They make a living from the leftovers left
in the junkyards and hunt humans for food.
To survive in the harsh desert, women and
men have to be strong and well built.
Their leader is Miami Man.
At night, Arlen gains awareness and realizes
her limbs are gone.
She then thinks of a plan to escape from the
hunters.
The next morning, the chef woman sees Arlen
in her own waste.
She is then unchained for cleaning up.
While the woman doesn’t notice, Arlen kills
her with an iron bar.
Next, she crawls away and finds a skateboard.
She eventually escapes and makes her way to
the Comfort as planned.
As she encounters heatstroke, a mute man rescues
and later brings her right to the Comfort.
Strange enough, the man just leaves when Arlen
is surrounded by people from the town.
Five months later, Arlen starts to get used
to her life in Comfort.
She is given a prosthetic leg and a house.
Arlen still fantasizes about her body with
a normal arm.
She decides to take revenge on those who cut
her arm and leg.
Arlen walks out of the Comfort with a pistol.
Meanwhile, Miami Man’s wife and daughter
are on their way to seek for food and necessity
as usual.
The wife accidentally cuts her leg in the
landfill.
Arlen realizes that the two are from the cannibal
Bridge.
She then accuses the woman for her loss and
bloody shoots her in the head.
The little girl shakes her mother but she’s
dead.
Later, the mute man notices that Arlen is
on her way back to the Comfort, followed by
the little girl.
As feeling sorry, Arlen then buys the girl
a pet rabbit.
The girl doesn’t want to talk to Arlen but
she attachs to the bunny.
Elsewhere, Miami Man begins looking for his
wife and daughter around the desert.
He finds his wife’s corpse at a party for
the crows.
Miami Man then sees the mute man and asks
him for information.
The man requires Miami Man to draw him a portrait
in exchange for his daughter’s location.
Pleased with the result, the mute man then
writes Miami Man to find his girl in Comfort.
At night, the girl follows Arlen to hang out
around the town.
Although born and raised in the cannibal tribe,
the girl gets scared seeing a bunny get killed
for food.
Tonight, the folks are gathering to see The
Dream - the Comfort’s leader.
The Dream holds a party with DJ Jimmy and
bright neon lights against the desert sky.
He gives his residents hallucinatory drugs
to enter their own dreams and forget about
their struggling lives.
As the bunny runs away, the little girl chases
after and sees The Dream.
He takes her inside with one of his pregnant
wives.
In hallucination, Arlen knows that she has
lost the girl, but her body can’t follow
her logical thinking.
She wonders the value of living in Comfort
while wandering to look for the girl.
Arlen then leaves Comfort alone in the night.
While getting high and enjoying the starry
sky, Arlen runs into Miami Man, who is looking
for his missing daughter.
She doesn't know why there is a big man standing
in front of her.
Arlen just rests her head on his chest after
that.
The following morning, Arlen wakes up and
her artificial leg is missing . Miami Man
didn’t kill her last night for food as usual
because he knows Arlen is from the Comfort.
He confronts her about his missing girl while
threatening to destroy her leg.
Realizing the danger from the canninal Bridge,
Arlen lies that she can help Miami Man to
find his daughter in Comfort.
Miami threatens Arlen that if she can’t
find her, he’ll kill her at all cost.
While the two are returning to the Comfort,
a man riding a bike approaches.
He wants to trade gasoline for flesh which
is a leg from Arlen.
Miami Man accepts right away.
Arlen is then carried away on the man’s
shoulder.
Just then, Miami Man turns his back and attacks
the man with his knife.
He chops one arm saving for food.
Miami Man steals the man’s scooter and drives
off with Arlen.
On the way, the two stop by a bush so Arlen
can go to the toilet.
There is suddenly a wind storm raging on.
Miami Man covers Arlen with a piece of cloth.
This time, something sparks between them,
but they never say it out loud.
At night, Miami Man grills the arm for dinner.
Arlen asks why he ended up being exiled.
Miami Man reveals that he is a Cuban and immigrated
to the US illegally.
He even draws Cuba’s location to show Arlen.
She gets closer and shows him some of her
tattoos.
She suddenly steals a knife from Miami and
points at him for defense.
Miami Man challenges her to stab him in the
stomach but Arlen seems reluctant.
All of a sudden, he gets shot from nowhere
in the chest right after that.
A man appears and points the gun at Miami
Man.
He urges Arlen to follow and assures that
she’ll be safe with him.
It turns out he’s from the Comfort.
Arlen returns home that night.
Strangely, she doesn’t feel alright about
being rescued.
The following day, she becomes deep in thoughts
about Miami Man.
She decides to step out of Comfort and looks
for him.
Arriving at the fire last night, she only
sees his blood on the ground and his drawing
notebook left.
Elsewhere, the mute man sees some crows landing.
He then finds Miami Man lying on the ground.
Luckily, he is still alive.
The mute man traps a crow with his shirt.
At night, he uses the crow for food and nurses
Mimami.
The wounded man finds the animal meat tasteless
but he still takes it from the mute man.
Meanwhile, Arlen flips over the drawing notes
and decides to help Miami Man to find his
daughter.
After a long day, Arlen comes across the girl
following The Dream’s wives.
It turns out the girl is living with The Dream
in his palace.
During this time, Miami Man is fully recovered.
He receives the knife from the mute man and
continues searching for his young girl.
Before leaving, the mute man gives him a snow
globe and trades it with Miami’s hunt knife.
Back to Comfort, Arlen decides to show up
at The Dream’s door.
Entering his palace, she finds many young
pregnant women making some drugs and marijuana.
The Dream arrives and lets her know that the
Comfort’s economy runs on these drugs.
The man then invites Arlen a drink but she
just holds it for politeness, knowing that
the drink is drugged
While talking, The Dream knows that Arlen
doesn’t like to live in Comfort for the
past months.
He states that if it is not Comfort, Arlen
will be eaten out there in the desert.
Arlen says that she wants to be one of his
ladies, attempting to get closer to him.
As expected, The Dream orders a woman to prepare
a room for Arlen.
Later, a young pregnant woman takes care of
Arlen.
In the toilet, Arlen draws a pistol that she
hid under the prosthetic leg before.
She points the gun at the woman and uses her
as a hostage.
Eventually, The Dream has to release Miami’s
daughter for the safety of his wife.
Arlen drives off with the little girl and
her bunny.
The Dream and the residents do not accept
her in Comfort anymore.
Arlen is fine with it as she has been longing
to leave Comfort.
She thinks it is just not right to live in
lies and drugs.
She understands that the outside world is
dangerous but she rather fends for herself.
On the way, Arlen sees a vehicle coming.
This time, she doesn’t run away.
She holds the pistol and gets ready to fight
for whoever it is.
It turns out to be Miami Man.
The daughter and father reunite after days
apart.
Miami tells Arlen to leave and he won’t
hurt her as promised.
Arlen says that she would never go back to
Comfort and wants to stay with him in the
desert.
Miami tries to dissuade her, believing that
she will not survive in the harsh desert.
Arlen just holds his hand, attempting to be
with him.
The daughter asks for spaghetti as she is
already used to the food in the mansion.
Miami Man takes her pet rabbit as food, and
the three of them rest by the fire, eating
it.
Miami Man and Arlen look each other in the
eye and smile.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!